fix(jobs): document syntax for using slash in annotations (#1410)
spinnaker/spinnaker.github.io: guides/operator/custom-job-stages/index.md

* `application` - Name of the application to associate the job with.
* `manifest` - YAML definition for the [Kubernetes Job](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/jobs-run-to-completion/) that will be run when the stage is executed.

> _Note: If you're using the slash (`/`) character in any manifest annotations you'll need to use this [special syntax](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot/issues/13404#issuecomment-395307439) to prevent the slash from being dropped when the application reads in it's configuration. For example, if you're annotation key is `iam.amazonaws.com/role` you'll need to define it like so `[iam.amazonaws.com/role]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note: If you're using the slash (`/`) character in any manifest annotations, you'll need to use this [special syntax](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot/issues/13404#issuecomment-395307439) to prevent the slash from being dropped when the application reads its configuration. For example, if your annotation key is `iam.amazonaws.com/role` you'll need to define it like so: `[iam.amazonaws.com/role]`.
```

Reviewer: Sorry just a couple random grammar nits before I merge this!

Author: nice catch! thank you!
